you're black oh my god like why is black
I've ever met oh my god
you left a tip and you're black oh you
don't have any kids in your black oh you
got a small penis in your black somebody
that is do do without you people thank
you so much thank you so much for buying
my tae bo videos I appreciate that thank
you so much
every day was it a movie the girl was
like all of you when I've got a video
over you great beard Columbus I'm
originally I'm live in Los Angeles now
I'm originally from Oklahoma born and
raised anybody Oklahoma one of the 50
states in about Oklahoma just about
anybody for a hormone nobody admits it
they never believed me are you gonna go
home I'm like why would I make the shit
sounds cool this is how we are where you
from dog are you from Cali baby we only
express to the hells yeah
you know what that means I represent
Walmart like it's a gang salad where you
shopping for Walmart fool Walmart
love Google and other shoppers like a
drive-by like a target
Walmart chief is dirties like been in
Mexico with a roof fucking love it
I live in my Los Angeles now right and I
live in this gang neighborhood and it
gives you guys ever notice I'm not
really a gang all right but I'm still a
man all right anybody have to walk right
through me did this convenience store
they sit around the corner every day
after like overly black myself up like
all right how bad I want you to choose
okay cuz there was a shooting in my
neighborhood right like I live here in
the shooting at night right thing you
know and trust me that sounds cool on a
rack
I read tap tap with my gat here you turn
it trust me but I heard that pop pop pop
I was like right as I'm falling my
buddies on East Coast ago man they're
shopping out here and he said and I
quote yeah man
but the whatever I can make the
difference iPod I got my dog it's 90
degrees in there
you know like Larry baby my life